You make a price
As long as you can fix the video inside.
I'll pay any amount.
Leave the phone with me first
If there is a door, please notify you.
This video was exchanged by Guoguo with his life
If I can't fix it, how can I be worthy of him?
Did you take that little bitch's phone?
Take it for repair
What phone?
You're still pretending to be stupid
I used to go looking for someone
Ask the owner of the repair shop to pass
He said you took it to fix it.
I did find this phone under the sofa
I just want to fix it for my own use
Or forget it.
I have got the phone.
I want the kid to use it. My minister knows.
Did you see this little bitch crying?
Chu poor
I'm so tired.
You don't think a man will speak for you
I can't afford more
Since you like kneeling so much
Then kneel until I'm satisfied
You stare at Chen Lin here
Without my permission
He can't come in.
Yes, ma'am.
I'm fine uncle, I'm used to kneeling
Go find your aunt
Otherwise he will be angry again later.
Talk to you don't move
I'm not cold, don't get my uncle's clothes dirty